All right so now we're gonna deal with these buttons here.
OK so I'm going to just get rid of this a tag here with the hover.
I just wanted to give you an example of that how to use sudo selectors within your nested elements or
nested styles.
Now these buttons are going to share a lot.
Okay.
So they're going to share like the padding in the border and you know cursor pointer or all that stuff.
What we were doing before is we'd have a Beatty in class with all that stuff and then also a Beatty
and dark t and light that have to do with the color.
OK.
So instead of doing that I'm going to create a style a set of styles to be extended.
So to do that we use a percent sign and we're just going to do t n dash shared.
All right.
And then all the the core styles that we want to share I'm going to put in here like display inline
block.
Let's do padding C zero point seven ram to ram.
Let's do what else.
It's to a border non pointer should be a cursor
spell wrong
pointer cursor.
I don't know why it's not popping up
I did it backwards.
Be cursor pointer.
Brain fart.
Let's do.
Text.
Declaration.
None.
And let's just do a margin.
Top one room.
All right.
Now the styling here I want to use for both buttons light dark and if we had other ones I want I would
want to use it as well.
So I'm gonna go down here and let's do B T N.
Now we don't have a B10 class we just have beaten light and dark.
However I'm gonna use this type of nesting.
I'm gonna say Ampersand dash light.
OK so this will pertain to any B10 light and I want to extend the button shared so to do that we use
Ampersand extend and then we want to put in here.
Percent Beatty and shared like that.
All right.
And then I'm going to go right below it and do the same thing for dark
so we want to extend and we want PETN shared.
All right.
So I'm gonna save this and it gets all of that all these properties.
Okay so the padding board or non cursor all that stuff.
What we want to change between these is the color the background color as well as the text color.
So I'm going to add background color for the light is gonna be our variable of light color and then
for the text or the color I'm just gonna put in this do three 3 3.
So we want a dark text and then down here let's do
background
color and we'll set that to dark color and for color we'll say F F F and I'm not using variables here
because I'm going to show you in the next section when we deal with functions we're gonna have a function
that automatically sets the text color based on the background color.
So let's save that.
And there we go.
So now you can see we have the different colors now again if you don't like this syntax here you could
of course instead just do like Beatty and dash lights and then you could just take this and put it in
here and then you could do down here VTR n dash dark.
So I mean it's up to you what parts of sass you want it.
You want to use I like this because it's all encapsulated.
However if you don't like the look of this Ampersand or whatever you can just do it like this and you
can still extend the button shared.
All right.
So hopefully that makes sense.
So in the next video I'm going to show you.
I'm going to we're going to look at functions mix ins which are similar to functions as well as conditionals
and color functions.
And the reason I'm doing all that in one video is because we're going to create probably the most helpful
SAS function that in my experience which is one that will look at the background color of an element
and depending on the the the brightness of it or the lightness or darkness it'll set the text color
automatically.
OK.
So if it's dark it'll be a light tax if it's light it'll be dark text.
So we're going to create that function and do some other stuff as well.
All right.
So I'll see you in the next video.